README.md, before:

# gulyas-scripts
This is the script directory for my research, as part of my dottorato di ricerca.

It contains scripts to test out ideas that I have read in research publications.

Names for repositories for my Ph.D. research shall be named after dishes and drinks from the [Hungarian cuisine](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hungarian_cuisine).


## Organization of the Repository

+ docs
	- Documentation generated by documentation generators
		* Doxygen
		* pydoc (for Python scripts): /usr/bin/pydoc
	- Languages that Doxygen supports:
		* IDL
		* Java
		* Javascript
		* C#
		* C
		* C++
		* D
		* PHP
		* Objective-C
		* Python
		* fixed format Fortran: FortranFixed
		* free formatted Fortran: FortranFree
		* unknown formatted Fortran: Fortran
+ notes
	- Software licenses
		* *MIT License*
		* *GNU General Public License (GNU GPL)*
	- [Guidelines for collaborating on open source software and/or hardware
		projects.](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/tree/master/notes/guidelines)
		* Documentation about [guidelines that I am following for my research,
			and for my research collaborators to know about](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/guidelines/guidelines.pdf).
	- Dependency list
		* [List of software and software libraries that this code base is dependent on.](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/dependency_list.md)
	- Externalities list.
		* [List of software and software libraries that this code base can affect](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/externalities.md).
		* Also, see this [list of software dependencies for more information](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code/blob/master/notes/miscellaneo/software-dependencies.md).
	- Notes about the various computer languages:
		* [*GNU Octave*](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/computer-languages/gnu-octave.md)
		* [*Python*](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/computer-languages/python.md)
			+ [Python libraries and modules that I install using *PIP*](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/computer-languages/pip-modules.md)
		* [*Ruby*](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/computer-languages/ruby.md)
		* [*Texinfo*](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/computer-languages/texinfo.md)
		* [*Unified Modeling Language* (UML)](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/computer-languages/uml.md)
		* [*Markdown* syntax](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/computer-languages/markdown-syntax.md)
		* See [boilerplate code](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code) for revision notes about [*C++*, data structures, and algorithms](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code/blob/master/notes/report/data-structures_n_algor.pdf).
		* [*UNIX*-like operating systems](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/cheat-sheets/unix-like-os/unix-information.md)
		* Notes located in other repositories:
			+ [*Scala*](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/sardegna-scala/blob/master/notes/scala-notes.md)
			+ [*R* programming language](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/rosario-r/blob/master/notes/data_analytics_with_r.md). Also, see [resources for learning *R*](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/rosario-r).
			+ [Declaratively draw pictures and figures](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/cheat-sheets/drawing-graphics.md)
				- See my [repository for declaratively drawing graphics more information](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/baklava-graphics)
			+ [Shortcuts for *Doxygen*, and Research Needs from the Semiconductor Research Corporation](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code/blob/master/notes/to-do-list.md)
			+ [Help document for SSH access](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/cheat-sheets/unix-like-os/ssh_unix_cmds.md)
			+ Notes about [object-oriented programming, and object-oriented analysis and design](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code/blob/master/notes/miscellaneo/comments.md)
	- [Note about computational thinking](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/cheat-sheets/thinking-paradigms/computational_thinking.md)
	- To-do list (Operation Go-to-ICCAD, in Italian).
+ references
	- Currently deprecated.
	- Information that I would need to enter information into my
		*BibTeX* database of references (i.e., publications).
+ sandbox
	- Subdirectory to test different concepts from different programming
		languages that I am learning, or have learned and am revising.
	- gnu-octave
		* *Makefile* and *GNU Octave* scripts to test different
			concepts that I have learned.
	- python
		* *Python* scripts to test different concepts that I have
			learned.
	- ruby
		* *Ruby* scripts to test different concepts that I have
			learned.
+ time-shifting
	- *Makefile* and *GNU Octave* scripts to carry out my experiments
		for time-shifted instantaneous noise-based logic
		(NBL, INBL, TSINBL) systems.





### Data Storage


Experimental data can be stored in (object-oriented) SQL databases,
	and source code documentation can be stored in NoSQL databases.







### Additional Information

The *Makefile*s are used for build automation. It is used to produce
	repeatable experiment results from the execution of a sequence of
		scripts and programs (including UNIX processes).







#	References

Citations/References that use the LaTeX/BibTeX notation are taken from my
	BibTeX database (set of BibTeX entries).

Additional references not found in the reference list shall be indicated below (TO BE UPDATED).






#	Author Information

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) <2016> Zhiyang Ong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Email address: echo "cukj -wb- 23wU4X5M589 TROJANS cqkH wiuz2y 0f Mw Stanford" | awk '{ sub("23wU4X5M589","F.d_c_b. ") sub("Stanford","d0mA1n"); print $5, $2, $8; for (i=1; i<=1; i++) print "6\b"; print $9, $7, $6 }' | sed y/kqcbuHwM62z/gnotrzadqmC/ | tr 'q' ' ' | tr -d [:cntrl:] | tr -d 'ir' | tr y "\n"		Don't compromise my computing accounts. You have been warned.

Commit message:

Refactor repository regarding 'notes' subdirectory.

README.md, after:

# gulyas-scripts
This is the script directory for my research, as part of my dottorato di ricerca.

It contains scripts to test out ideas that I have read in research publications.

Names for repositories for my Ph.D. research shall be named after dishes and drinks from the [Hungarian cuisine](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hungarian_cuisine).


## Organization of the Repository

+ docs
	- Documentation generated by documentation generators
		* Doxygen
		* pydoc (for Python scripts): /usr/bin/pydoc
	- Languages that Doxygen supports:
		* IDL
		* Java
		* Javascript
		* C#
		* C
		* C++
		* D
		* PHP
		* Objective-C
		* Python
		* fixed format Fortran: FortranFixed
		* free formatted Fortran: FortranFree
		* unknown formatted Fortran: Fortran
+ notes
	- Software licenses
		* *MIT License*
		* *GNU General Public License (GNU GPL)*
	- [Guidelines for collaborating on open source software and/or hardware
		projects.](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/tree/master/notes/guidelines)
		* Documentation about [guidelines that I am following for my research,
			and for my research collaborators to know about](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/guidelines/guidelines.pdf).
	- ["Call for Papers" information](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/tree/master/notes/cfp)
	- [cheet sheets](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/tree/master/notes/cheat-sheets)
		* [thinking paradigms](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/tree/master/notes/cheat-sheets/thinking-paradigms)
			+ [Note about computational thinking](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/cheat-sheets/thinking-paradigms/computational_thinking.md)
		* [UNIX\*-like operating systems](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/tree/master/notes/cheat-sheets/unix-like-os)
			+ [SSH commands](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/cheat-sheets/unix-like-os/ssh_unix_cmds.md)
			+ [UNIX commands](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/cheat-sheets/unix-like-os/unix-information.md)
		* [algorithm analysis](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/cheat-sheets/algorithm-analysis.md)
		* [database and information systems](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/cheat-sheets/databases_and_information_systems.md)
		* [interoperability between programming languages](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/cheat-sheets/interoperability-between-programming-languages.md)
		* [workflow](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/cheat-sheets/workflow.md)
	- Dependency list
		* [List of software and software libraries that this code base is dependent on.](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/dependency_list.md)
	- Externalities list.
		* [List of software and software libraries that this code base can affect](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/externalities.md).
		* Also, see this [list of software dependencies for more information](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code/blob/master/notes/miscellaneo/software-dependencies.md).
	- Notes about the various computer languages:
		* [*GNU Octave*](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/computer-languages/gnu-octave.md)
		* [*Python*](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/computer-languages/python.md)
			+ [Python libraries and modules that I install using *PIP*](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/computer-languages/pip-modules.md)
		* [*Ruby*](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/computer-languages/ruby.md)
		* [*Texinfo*](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/computer-languages/texinfo.md)
		* [*Unified Modeling Language* (UML)](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/computer-languages/uml.md)
		* [*Markdown* syntax](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/computer-languages/markdown-syntax.md)
		* See [boilerplate code](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code) for revision notes about [*C++*, data structures, and algorithms](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code/blob/master/notes/report/data-structures_n_algor.pdf).
		* [*UNIX*-like operating systems](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/cheat-sheets/unix-like-os/unix-information.md)
		* Notes located in other repositories:
			+ [*Scala*](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/sardegna-scala/blob/master/notes/scala-notes.md)
			+ [*R* programming language](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/rosario-r/blob/master/notes/data_analytics_with_r.md). Also, see [resources for learning *R*](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/rosario-r).
			+ [Declaratively draw pictures and figures](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/cheat-sheets/drawing-graphics.md)
				- See my [repository for declaratively drawing graphics more information](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/baklava-graphics)
			+ [Shortcuts for *Doxygen*, and Research Needs from the Semiconductor Research Corporation](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code/blob/master/notes/to-do-list.md)
			+ [Help document for SSH access](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/cheat-sheets/unix-like-os/ssh_unix_cmds.md)
			+ Notes about [object-oriented programming, and object-oriented analysis and design](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code/blob/master/notes/miscellaneo/comments.md)
	- [tutorials](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/tree/master/notes/tutorials)
		- [Information Regarding Mathematics](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/tutorials/mathematics.md)
		- [Git and GitHub Tutorial](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/tutorials/git-tutorial.md)
		- [Notes for Computational Experimentation](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/tutorials/computational-experimentation.md)
		- [Suggestions for Taking An EECS Approach to Engineering](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/tutorials/suggestions-taking-eecs-approach-to-engineering.md)
	- [book reviews](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/tree/master/notes/reviews)
		* [Book reviews that I have written](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/reviews/list-of-reviews.md)
	- To-do list (Operation Go-to-ICCAD, in Italian).
	- pics
		* Storage subdirectory to contain pictures for notes.
+ references
	- Currently deprecated.
	- Information that I would need to enter information into my
		*BibTeX* database of references (i.e., publications).
+ sandbox
	- Subdirectory to test different concepts from different programming
		languages that I am learning, or have learned and am revising.
	- gnu-octave
		* *Makefile* and *GNU Octave* scripts to test different
			concepts that I have learned.
	- python
		* *Python* scripts to test different concepts that I have
			learned.
	- ruby
		* *Ruby* scripts to test different concepts that I have
			learned.
+ time-shifting
	- *Makefile* and *GNU Octave* scripts to carry out my experiments
		for time-shifted instantaneous noise-based logic
		(NBL, INBL, TSINBL) systems.





### Data Storage


Experimental data can be stored in (object-oriented) SQL databases,
	and source code documentation can be stored in NoSQL databases.







### Additional Information

The *Makefile*s are used for build automation. It is used to produce
	repeatable experiment results from the execution of a sequence of
		scripts and programs (including UNIX processes).







#	References

Citations/References that use the LaTeX/BibTeX notation are taken from my
	BibTeX database (set of BibTeX entries).

Additional references not found in the reference list shall be indicated below (TO BE UPDATED).






#	Author Information

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) <2016> Zhiyang Ong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Email address: echo "cukj -wb- 23wU4X5M589 TROJANS cqkH wiuz2y 0f Mw Stanford" | awk '{ sub("23wU4X5M589","F.d_c_b. ") sub("Stanford","d0mA1n"); print $5, $2, $8; for (i=1; i<=1; i++) print "6\b"; print $9, $7, $6 }' | sed y/kqcbuHwM62z/gnotrzadqmC/ | tr 'q' ' ' | tr -d [:cntrl:] | tr -d 'ir' | tr y "\n"		Don't compromise my computing accounts. You have been warned.
