# gulyas-scripts
This is the script directory for my research, as part of my dottorato di ricerca.

It contains scripts to test out ideas that I have read in research publications.

Names for repositories for my Ph.D. research shall be named after dishes and drinks from the [Hungarian cuisine] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hungarian_cuisine).


## Organization of the Repository

+ docs
	- Documentation generated by documentation generators
		* Doxygen
		* pydoc (for Python scripts): /usr/bin/pydoc
	- Languages that Doxygen supports:
		* IDL
		* Java
		* Javascript
		* C#
		* C
		* C++
		* D
		* PHP
		* Objective-C
		* Python
		* fixed format Fortran: FortranFixed
		* free formatted Fortran: FortranFree
		* unknown formatted Fortran: Fortran
+ sandbox
	- gnu-octave
		* *Makefile* and *GNU Octave* scripts to test different
			concepts that I have learned.
	- python
		* *Python* scripts to test different concepts that I have
			learned.

















#	Author Information

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) <2016> Zhiyang Ong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Email address: echo "cukj -wb- 23wU4X5M589 TROJANS cqkH wiuz2y 0f Mw Stanford" | awk '{ sub("23wU4X5M589","F.d_c_b. ") sub("Stanford","d0mA1n"); print $5, $2, $8; for (i=1; i<=1; i++) print "6\b"; print $9, $7, $6 }' | sed y/kqcbuHwM62z/gnotrzadqmC/ | tr 'q' ' ' | tr -d [:cntrl:] | tr -d 'ir' | tr y "\n"		Don't compromise my computing accounts. You have been warned.

