notes/reviews/Rothman2016a.md, before:

#	Notes about \cite{} 




##	BibTeX Entry

	@book{Rothman2016a,
		Address = {Raleigh, {NC}},
		Author = {Johanna Rothman},
		Edition = {Second},
		Publisher = {The Pragmatic Programmers},
		Title = {Manage Your Project Portfolio: Increase Your Capacity and Finish More Projects},
		Year = {2016}}





##	Foreward by Ron Jeffries

We can choose to take any of the three actions per project in our project portfolio (pp. xi):
+ commit to the project
+ kill the project
+ transform the project
	- For a project that should not be terminated, but is lacking resources and personnel from the organization to commit to the project so that it has a chance to be successful.
	- Re-consider what to do with this project, so that it can be transformed


For projects remaining in the project portfolio, including orphan internal projects, use the suggested ranking dimensions to rank them (pp. xi).



##	Foreward by Tim Lister


More important than efficient project management and improving the process with workflow automation, finish the valuable projects prior to finishing other projects (pp. xiii).

Focus on effectiveness over efficiency (pp. xiii).

Transform struggling projects with meaningful value to have more acceptable risks (pp. xiii). 

Project portfolio management involves setting priorities and adapting them to changing needs, opportunities, and requirements, while avoiding being reactionary/reactive to pressures from clients, customers, and other stakeholders (pp. xiii). 



##	Preface

"Project portfolio management is the way of organizing, seeing, and ranking the work your team, groups, business unit, or organization has to do." It needs execution of the current prototype of the software/hardware (i.e., simulation models for hardware or computer systems), "tested features", and collectible metrics (pp. xvii).

"The hard part of \[project\] portfolio management" "is sticking with \[difficult\] decisions until it's time to reevaluate the \[project\] portfolio," rather than the data analytics involved in project portfolio management (pp. xviii).







##	Chapter 1, Meet Your Project Porfolio

Consider the project "portfolio as a pipeline of potential work" (pp. 3).

Finishing the implementation of features gives product teams flexibility to finish work.

Multitasking between different projects hinders the the productivity of software developers (pp. 3).

Project portfolio is a means for the company, organization, or team to get things done, and is not one of the end goals of these entitites. It is "a pipeline of potential work" that flows through teams. It helps me make appropriate decisions to fulfill the needs of my stakeholders, such as customers and research advisors. One of the best practices for project portfolio management involves using adaptive, lean, and/or agile approaches (pp. 3). 

Lean and/or agile approaches for project portfolio management enable the review of small/sizeable portions of valuable work after such work has been completed to provide regular/frequent feedback. This enables the teams to adapt their immediate and near-term goals to adjust to needs reflected by the reviews and feedback (pp. 4).
	- the lean and agile approaches enable management to (pp. 5-6):
		- eliminate waste
		- discover and eliminate roadblocks to throughput
		- balancing the workload across teams and individuals
		- optimizing for different/multiple goals and objectives of the organization, rather than just a subset of it
		- "\[finishing\] valuable features in short time periods"
		- reduce the set of partially completed work in my project portfolio  

Proposed procedure or workflow for project portfolio management, which involves project creation, project evaluation, project ranking (or ranking of projects), collaboration on projects, iterate on projects, evolve the goals of the projects, and measure (select metrics for evaluating project success, collect data for these metrics, and automatically analyze this data statistically and computationally) (pp. 4):
+ use an appointment calendar to schedule time allocations (e.g., hours, days, weeks, and months) for tasks that need to be completed for projects
+ create and maintain a "list of collected \[tasks\] in rank order" for the list of projects in your project portfolio
+ for each task that belongs to at least one existing/understaffed project, decide to carry out only one of the following decisions - the commit/kill/transform decision:
	- commit to a team
	- transform, followed by commiting to a team 
	- kill, or parking lot
+ use data analytics/science to optimize the scheduling (i.e., address the organization's backlog for product development) and commit/kill/transform decision making process to optimize the maximum value to the organization/community and complete "strategically important work" on time (pp. 5)
	- View the resource and time commitments to manage project interactions, assignment of personnel to tasks/projects, "and the general risk and value of each project" (pp. 5)
+ update the list of collected tasks, and the corresponding result of the commit/kill/transform decision for each task  
+ enable high-level (i.e., yearly and monthly) and detailed views (i.e., weekly and daily) of the project portfolios; the high-level view enables people to determine which team is committed to which project, and the detailed view enables managers to determine which team should be assigned to a particular project and determine "when a \[product development\] team \[needs\] urgent support work" (pp. 6)
	- the high-level view enables people to see when a team starts a project and when it is expected to finish the project, and also includes a list of understaffed projects/work (pp. 6)
		* for understaffed work/projects (pp. 7):
			+ use data analytics to help teams measure their productivity, and improve their estimation of when they can finish their project; this is used to improve task scheduling for project portfolio management
			+ re-evaluate project portfolio to determine why important/urgent projects have yet to start
			+ based on current and emerging market and business needs, determine team assignment (or update preferred team assignment) to a given understaffed project, whether we should start a project, and whether we should transform a project 
		* avoid assigning people to projects, since (pp. 5 and 6)
	- team managers can use the high-level view/perspective to help senior and mid-level management view the responsibilities of each product team and use the low-level view/perspective to match businessexpectations with reality (pp. 9) 
	- the detailed view, or low-level view, shows the project (and feature) that each person is assigned to, and the set of features for each project (pp. 8)
		* "\[This\] helps everyone see what everyone else is doing" (pp. 8)  
+ "this improves the throughput of the organization" (pp. 11), from Chapter 2

The proposed procedure or workflow for project portfolio management requires transparency in the organization (pp. 10, 11).




A "Big Visible Chart" visually displays the project portfolio to an organization's members/employees, and highlights the responsibilities of each project team. This also indicates, by implication or otherwise, the tasks that each project team is not responsible for (pp. 5).


The proposed procedure enables the technical management to decide (pp. 5):
+ when a team can start working on a task/project
+ when a project should be completed, be terminated, and release the owning team(s) to work on other projects
+ when a project should be transformed, and assign a team to the modified/changed project
+ when it is difficult to make a commit/kill/transform decision, the project portfolio provides a visual for stakeholders during "[negotiation about] which project to do when"

Project portfolio management "is context dependent", since the project portfolio is affected by project life cycles, budgeting process, and roadmap creation and usage (pp. 5).



Suggestions:
+ Use  a two-week timebox for feature development, a week timebox for support, and move on to another feature (pp. 8).
+ When you assign people to projects, rather than teams to projects, people do not work in stable teams. Project portfolios using this management style make it hard to visualize projects (and features) of greater priority (pp. 8).
	- When features take longer to complete than the allocated timebox (or time period), the entire project portfolio have to be rearranged/rejiggered (pp. 8).
	- Hence, schedule and assign projects to teams, rather than individuals (pp. 8). 



##	Chapter 2, See Your Future


From notes for Chapter 1, "The proposed procedure or workflow for project portfolio management requires transparency in the organization (pp. 10, 11)."
+ this transparency help individuals and teams focus on the most important work, and avoid multitasking and being "distracted with 'bright shiny object' syndrome" (pp. 11)
+ "people and teams can deliver what the organization needs, when the organization needs it" (pp. 11)
+ transparency also clarifies decision making about the work, projects and features, that each team starts and completes (pp. 11)
	- this provides "maximum flexibility" to managers (pp. 11)
	- this help managers be more responsive to business needs (pp. 11)
	- This limits the number of active projects, and reduces competition between teams for the same higher-performing individuals. This leads to better completion rate of projects, which reduces the number of active projects in the porject portfolio and allows new projects to start (pp. 11).
	- this improves the throughput of the organization (pp. 11)


Motivating scenarios for using project portfolios with the suggested/proposed procedure or workflow (pp. 12):
+ emergency projects
+ required immediate response "to projects in progress and fixes"
+ lots of "emergency fixes"
+ too many projects in progress, such that we cannot determine when each project would complete/finish
+ difficulties in finding the "right" personnel for each project
	- moving personnel between project teams do not significantly improve the situation
+ when projects are released from the project portfolio, teams do not feel that they have actually completed the projects
+ finishing some projects is a surprise to management
	- some projects are not "congruent with \[the\] corporate strategy"
+ can't tell the status of the active projects (i.e. projects in progress)
	- by the time management recognizes that a project team needs help or in danger, it is in a terrible (or even hopeless) state  
+ assignments of experts (highly-skilled professionals) to multiple projects and fixes, especially for finishing projects 
+ poor throughput to completing projects
	- huge "cost of delay"












##	Words and phrases that I learned








#	Author Information

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) <2019> Zhiyang Ong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Email address: echo "cukj -wb- 23wU4X5M589 TROJANS cqkH wiuz2y 0f Mw Stanford" | awk '{ sub("23wU4X5M589","F.d_c_b. ") sub("Stanford","d0mA1n"); print $5, $2, $8; for (i=1; i<=1; i++) print "6\b"; print $9, $7, $6 }' | sed y/kqcbuHwM62z/gnotrzadqmC/ | tr 'q' ' ' | tr -d [:cntrl:] | tr -d 'ir' | tr y "\n"		Don't compromise my computing accounts. You have been warned.

Commit message:

Update notes on Rothman2016a: Chapter 2. Add additional references related to publication.

notes/reviews/Rothman2016a.md, after:

#	Notes about \cite{} 




##	BibTeX Entry

	@book{Rothman2016a,
		Address = {Raleigh, {NC}},
		Author = {Johanna Rothman},
		Edition = {Second},
		Publisher = {The Pragmatic Programmers},
		Title = {Manage Your Project Portfolio: Increase Your Capacity and Finish More Projects},
		Year = {2016}}





##	Foreward by Ron Jeffries

We can choose to take any of the three actions per project in our project portfolio (pp. xi):
+ commit to the project
+ kill the project
+ transform the project
	- For a project that should not be terminated, but is lacking resources and personnel from the organization to commit to the project so that it has a chance to be successful.
	- Re-consider what to do with this project, so that it can be transformed


For projects remaining in the project portfolio, including orphan internal projects, use the suggested ranking dimensions to rank them (pp. xi).



##	Foreward by Tim Lister


More important than efficient project management and improving the process with workflow automation, finish the valuable projects prior to finishing other projects (pp. xiii).

Focus on effectiveness over efficiency (pp. xiii).

Transform struggling projects with meaningful value to have more acceptable risks (pp. xiii). 

Project portfolio management involves setting priorities and adapting them to changing needs, opportunities, and requirements, while avoiding being reactionary/reactive to pressures from clients, customers, and other stakeholders (pp. xiii). 



##	Preface

"Project portfolio management is the way of organizing, seeing, and ranking the work your team, groups, business unit, or organization has to do." It needs execution of the current prototype of the software/hardware (i.e., simulation models for hardware or computer systems), "tested features", and collectible metrics (pp. xvii).

"The hard part of \[project\] portfolio management" "is sticking with \[difficult\] decisions until it's time to reevaluate the \[project\] portfolio," rather than the data analytics involved in project portfolio management (pp. xviii).







##	Chapter 1, Meet Your Project Porfolio

Consider the project "portfolio as a pipeline of potential work" (pp. 3).

Finishing the implementation of features gives product teams flexibility to finish work.

Multitasking between different projects hinders the the productivity of software developers (pp. 3).

Project portfolio is a means for the company, organization, or team to get things done, and is not one of the end goals of these entitites. It is "a pipeline of potential work" that flows through teams. It helps me make appropriate decisions to fulfill the needs of my stakeholders, such as customers and research advisors. One of the best practices for project portfolio management involves using adaptive, lean, and/or agile approaches (pp. 3). 

Lean and/or agile approaches for project portfolio management enable the review of small/sizeable portions of valuable work after such work has been completed to provide regular/frequent feedback. This enables the teams to adapt their immediate and near-term goals to adjust to needs reflected by the reviews and feedback (pp. 4).
	- the lean and agile approaches enable management to (pp. 5-6):
		- eliminate waste
		- discover and eliminate roadblocks to throughput
		- balancing the workload across teams and individuals
		- optimizing for different/multiple goals and objectives of the organization, rather than just a subset of it
		- "\[finishing\] valuable features in short time periods"
		- reduce the set of partially completed work in my project portfolio  

Proposed procedure or workflow for project portfolio management, which involves project creation, project evaluation, project ranking (or ranking of projects), collaboration on projects, iterate on projects, evolve the goals of the projects, and measure (select metrics for evaluating project success, collect data for these metrics, and automatically analyze this data statistically and computationally) (pp. 4):
+ use an appointment calendar to schedule time allocations (e.g., hours, days, weeks, and months) for tasks that need to be completed for projects
+ create and maintain a "list of collected \[tasks\] in rank order" for the list of projects in your project portfolio
+ for each task that belongs to at least one existing/understaffed project, decide to carry out only one of the following decisions - the commit/kill/transform decision:
	- commit to a team
	- transform, followed by commiting to a team 
	- kill, or parking lot
+ use data analytics/science to optimize the scheduling (i.e., address the organization's backlog for product development) and commit/kill/transform decision making process to optimize the maximum value to the organization/community and complete "strategically important work" on time (pp. 5)
	- View the resource and time commitments to manage project interactions, assignment of personnel to tasks/projects, "and the general risk and value of each project" (pp. 5)
+ update the list of collected tasks, and the corresponding result of the commit/kill/transform decision for each task  
+ enable high-level (i.e., yearly and monthly) and detailed views (i.e., weekly and daily) of the project portfolios; the high-level view enables people to determine which team is committed to which project, and the detailed view enables managers to determine which team should be assigned to a particular project and determine "when a \[product development\] team \[needs\] urgent support work" (pp. 6)
	- the high-level view enables people to see when a team starts a project and when it is expected to finish the project, and also includes a list of understaffed projects/work (pp. 6)
		* for understaffed work/projects (pp. 7):
			+ use data analytics to help teams measure their productivity, and improve their estimation of when they can finish their project; this is used to improve task scheduling for project portfolio management
			+ re-evaluate project portfolio to determine why important/urgent projects have yet to start
			+ based on current and emerging market and business needs, determine team assignment (or update preferred team assignment) to a given understaffed project, whether we should start a project, and whether we should transform a project 
		* avoid assigning people to projects, since (pp. 5 and 6)
	- team managers can use the high-level view/perspective to help senior and mid-level management view the responsibilities of each product team and use the low-level view/perspective to match businessexpectations with reality (pp. 9) 
	- the detailed view, or low-level view, shows the project (and feature) that each person is assigned to, and the set of features for each project (pp. 8)
		* "\[This\] helps everyone see what everyone else is doing" (pp. 8)  
+ "this improves the throughput of the organization" (pp. 11), from Chapter 2

The proposed procedure or workflow for project portfolio management requires transparency in the organization (pp. 10, 11).




A "Big Visible Chart" visually displays the project portfolio to an organization's members/employees, and highlights the responsibilities of each project team. This also indicates, by implication or otherwise, the tasks that each project team is not responsible for (pp. 5).


The proposed procedure enables the technical management to decide (pp. 5):
+ when a team can start working on a task/project
+ when a project should be completed, be terminated, and release the owning team(s) to work on other projects
+ when a project should be transformed, and assign a team to the modified/changed project
+ when it is difficult to make a commit/kill/transform decision, the project portfolio provides a visual for stakeholders during "[negotiation about] which project to do when"

Project portfolio management "is context dependent", since the project portfolio is affected by project life cycles, budgeting process, and roadmap creation and usage (pp. 5).



Suggestions:
+ Use  a two-week timebox for feature development, a week timebox for support, and move on to another feature (pp. 8).
+ When you assign people to projects, rather than teams to projects, people do not work in stable teams. Project portfolios using this management style make it hard to visualize projects (and features) of greater priority (pp. 8).
	- When features take longer to complete than the allocated timebox (or time period), the entire project portfolio have to be rearranged/rejiggered (pp. 8).
	- Hence, schedule and assign projects to teams, rather than individuals (pp. 8). 



##	Chapter 2, See Your Future


From notes for Chapter 1, "The proposed procedure or workflow for project portfolio management requires transparency in the organization (pp. 10, 11)."
+ this transparency help individuals and teams focus on the most important work, and avoid multitasking and being "distracted with 'bright shiny object' syndrome" (pp. 11)
+ "people and teams can deliver what the organization needs, when the organization needs it" (pp. 11)
+ transparency also clarifies decision making about the work, projects and features, that each team starts and completes (pp. 11)
	- this provides "maximum flexibility" to managers (pp. 11)
	- this help managers be more responsive to business needs (pp. 11)
	- This limits the number of active projects, and reduces competition between teams for the same higher-performing individuals. This leads to better completion rate of projects, which reduces the number of active projects in the porject portfolio and allows new projects to start (pp. 11).
	- this improves the throughput of the organization (pp. 11)


Motivating scenarios for using project portfolios with the suggested/proposed procedure or workflow (pp. 12):
+ emergency projects
+ required immediate response "to projects in progress and fixes"
+ lots of "emergency fixes"
+ too many projects in progress, such that we cannot determine when each project would complete/finish
+ difficulties in finding the "right" personnel for each project
	- moving personnel between project teams do not significantly improve the situation
+ when projects are released from the project portfolio, teams do not feel that they have actually completed the projects
+ finishing some projects is a surprise to management
	- some projects are not "congruent with \[the\] corporate strategy"
+ can't tell the status of the active projects (i.e. projects in progress)
	- by the time management recognizes that a project team needs help or in danger, it is in a terrible (or even hopeless) state  
+ assignments of experts (highly-skilled professionals) to multiple projects and fixes, especially for finishing projects 
+ poor throughput to completing projects
	- huge "cost of delay"

Not having the courage and wisdom to make decisions in project portfolio management affects the organization's throughput and adds problems to scheduling, personnel assignment, and budgeting (pp. 14).










##	Words and phrases that I learned






##	Relevant References


	@book{Rothman2017,
		Address = {Raleigh, {NC}},
		Author = {Johanna Rothman},
		Publisher = {The Pragmatic Programmers},
		Title = {Create Your Successful Agile Project: Collaborate, Measure, Estimate, Deliver},
		Year = {2017}}

	@book{Rothman2007,
		Address = {Raleigh, {NC}},
		Author = {Rothman, Johanna},
		Publisher = {The Pragmatic Programmers},
		Series = {Pragmatic Bookshelf},
		Title = {Manage It!: Your Guide to Modern, Pragmatic Project Management},
		Year = {2007}}




#	Author Information

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) <2019> Zhiyang Ong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Email address: echo "cukj -wb- 23wU4X5M589 TROJANS cqkH wiuz2y 0f Mw Stanford" | awk '{ sub("23wU4X5M589","F.d_c_b. ") sub("Stanford","d0mA1n"); print $5, $2, $8; for (i=1; i<=1; i++) print "6\b"; print $9, $7, $6 }' | sed y/kqcbuHwM62z/gnotrzadqmC/ | tr 'q' ' ' | tr -d [:cntrl:] | tr -d 'ir' | tr y "\n"		Don't compromise my computing accounts. You have been warned.
