#	IEEE Computer Security Foundations Symposium

From: https://www.ieee-security.org/TC/CSF2020/cfp.html

The Computer Security Foundations Symposium is an annual conference for researchers in computer security. CSF seeks papers on foundational aspects of computer security, such as formal security models, relationships between security properties and defenses, principled techniques and tools for design and analysis of security mechanisms, as well as their application to practice. While CSF welcomes submissions beyond the topics listed below, the main focus of CSF is foundational security and privacy.

#	Topics

New results in security and privacy are welcome. We also encourage challenge/vision papers, which may describe open questions and raise fundamental concerns about security and privacy. Possible topics for all papers include, but are not limited to:

+ access control
+ accountability
+ anonymity
+ attack models
+ authentication
+ blockchains and smart contracts
+ cloud security
+ cryptography
+ data provenance
+ data and system integrity
+ database security
+ decidability and complexity
+ decision theory
+ distributed systems security
+ electronic voting
+ embedded systems security
+ forensics
+ formal methods and verification
+ hardware-based security
+ information flow control
+ intrusion detection
+ language-based security
+ mobile security
+ network security
+ privacy
+ security and privacy aspects of machine learning
+ security and privacy for the Internet of Things
+ security architecture
+ security metrics
+ security policies
+ security protocols
+ software security
+ socio-technical security
+ trust management
+ usable security
+ web security



## SoK papers: Systematization of Knowledge Papers

CSF'20 solicits systematization of knowledge (SoK) papers in foundational security and privacy research. These papers systematize, re-formulate, or evaluate existing work in one established and significant research topic. Such papers must provide new insights. Survey papers without new insights are not appropriate. Submissions will be distinguished by the prefix “SoK:” in the title and a checkbox on the submission form. Accepted papers will be presented at the symposium and included in the proceedings.



##	Special Sessions

This year, we strongly encourage papers in three foundational areas of research we would like to promote at CSF:

MACHINE LEARNING MEETS SECURITY AND PRIVACY (Session Chair: Suman Jana). Machine learning has revolutionized computer science. However, machine learning algorithms have been applied to problem domains as blackboxes and offer little guarantees in terms of fairness and transparency of the results and privacy of the dataset, We invite submissions on foundational work in this area. Topics include security, privacy, and fairness issues of machine learning algorithms, reasoning techniques necessary to justify safety of its autonomous decisions, and techniques for protecting the privacy of the dataset.

BLOCKCHAIN and SMART CONTRACT (Session Chair: Aggelos Kiayias). Many challenges arise with the rapid development of the blockchain technology and its main application: smart contract. The need for formal foundations for the security and privacy of blockchains and smart contracts. We invite submissions on foundational work in this area. Topics include security and privacy issues, analysis and verification of existing solutions, design of new systems, broader foundational issues such as how blockchain mechanisms fit into larger distributed ecosystems and foundational security aspects of applications built on top of blockchain mechanisms, new programming languages for smart contracts, and formal analysis of smart contracts.

APPLIED CRYPTOGRAPHY (Session Chair: Ran Canetti). Cryptography is at the heart of many security- and privacy-critical systems. As such it is an integral part of the field of security and privacy. While modern cryptography is built on firm theoretical foundations, new applications frequently need new cryptographic solutions, new security definitions, models, and proof techniques and tools. We invite submissions in this area. Topics include, but are not limited to, the design and analysis of cryptographic protocols, new cryptographic frameworks and proof techniques, including composability as well as automated, tool-supported analysis and verification of cryptographic primitives and protocols.
