notes/externalities.md, before:

#	Repositories Affected By Changes in This Repository

When changes are made to the source code of this repository, these
	changes can affect the quality, performance, and functionalities
	of software and systems in the following repositories.

Likewise, when changes are made to the documentation of this
	repository, these changes can affect the quality and correctness
	of the documentation in the following repositories.

In addition, changes made to other types of components/entities in
	this repository can also affect components/entities (of the same
	types) in the following repositories.

##	Repositories That Would Be Affected

List of repositories that are affected by the *gulyas-scripts* repository,
	including its code base and notes:

+ [boilerplate-code](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code)
	- Notes
	- Scripts
	- **Successor of the deprecated *lamiera-per-caldaie* repository.**
+ [lamiera-per-caldaie](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/lamiera-per-caldaie)
	- Notes
	- Scripts
	- **Deprecated repository.**
+ [gulyas-scripts](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts)
	- Notes
	- Scripts






## Repositories Can Be Affected By Externalities

Repositories that can be affected are:
+ [sardegna-scala, Scala code base](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/sardegna-scala)
+ [scafati-presentazioni, Presentation Slides](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/scafati-presentazioni)
+ [Computer Architecture Notes](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/Treviso-Arch)
+ [SienaLaTeX, for *LaTeX*](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/SienaLaTeX)
	- *LaTeX* templates for:
		* Articles
		* Resume and curriculum vitae
		* Presentation slides
		* Report
+ [Software Analysis](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/caprese-sw-analy)
+ [BibTeX Analytics](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/bibtex-analytics)



##	Repositories That Can Be Affected In The Future

+ [ispd2013contest-benchmarks](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/ispd2013contest-benchmarks)
+ [ispd2013contest-benchmarks](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/ispd2013contest-benchmarks)





##	Benchmark Repositories

+ [ispd2013contest-benchmarks](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/ispd2013contest-benchmarks)
+ [ispd2013contest-benchmarks](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/ispd2013contest-benchmarks)






#	List of Notes

List of notes:
+ Guidelines for collaboration: [boilerplate-code](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code)
+ List of software dependencies:
	- [boilerplate-code](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code)
	- [gulyas-scripts](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts)
+ List of dependencies between repositories:
	- [boilerplate-code](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code)
	- [gulyas-scripts](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts)
	- All respositories that are affected by changes in these
		repositories are listed in this document. 
+ *BibTeX* file, database of *BibTeX* references/entries.
	- Placed in repository, as needed.
+ Report (of implemented data structures and algorithms).
	- [boilerplate-code](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code)
+ Programming/Computer languages:
	- *Scala*: [sardegna-scala](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/sardegna-scala)
	- *R*: [gulyas-scripts](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts)
	- *Python*: [gulyas-scripts](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts) 
	- *GNU Octave*: [gulyas-scripts](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts)
	- *LaTeX*: [SienaLaTeX, for *LaTeX*](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/SienaLaTeX)
+ Libraries, API, ... that support interoperability between programming/computer languages: [gulyas-scripts](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts)
+ Coding style, and guidelines for commenting:
	- *Texinfo*: [gulyas-scripts](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts)
+ *UNIX*-like Operating Systems:
	- [boilerplate-code](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code)
	- Generic information for using *UNIX*-like operating systems.
	- Information for SSH connections, via the aforementioned OSes.






#	Benchmarks in the Open Data repository.




#	Repositories That Will Not Be Affected In The Future

The following repositories are dead.
+ [NetSim, for Network Optimization](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/NetSim)
+ [Bioinformatics Projects](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/Calabria-Digital-Bio)
+ [Synthesizable Verilog RTL Design of 4-stage Pipelined Processor, with 128-bit Datapath](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/MarcheProcessor)
+ [Synthesizable Verilog RTL Design of Encoders/Decoders](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/PicenoDecoders)
+ [*C++* -based STIL Parser](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/Lombardia-STIL)
+ [*C++* Programs](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/Campania-Cpp)
+ [SRAM Design](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/Modica-SRAM)







#	Repositories: Revision Material

Repositories that contain material to help me revise for the
	Ph.D. qualifying examination, job/internship interviews, ...:
+ [Analog Circuits](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/genova-circuiti-analogici)
+ [Electrical Circuit Analysis](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/como-analisi-del-circuito)
+ [Digital VLSI design + Logic Design](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/puglia-circuiti-digitali)
+ [Computer Architecture](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/lucca-architettura-del-computer)
	- Include the material from: [Treviso-Arch, Report about computer architecture](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/Treviso-Arch) 
+ [Signals and Systems](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/bergamo-segnali-e-sistemi)
+ [Engineering Electromagnetics](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/bolzano-elettromagnetismo)
+ [Probability and Statistics](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/bologna-probabilita-e-statistica)
+ *Scientific Computation*
+ *Decision Procedures*
+ *Formal Verification*
+ *Device Engineering*
+ *Material Science*

















##	Disclaimer

Externalities of changes made to the software are not necessarily
	restricted to the aforementioned repositories. 

Other repositories/projects that Zhiyang Ong is involved, currently
	or previously, can be affected by such changes, too.  





#	Zhiyang Ong's web page

[Zhiyang Ong's web page](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/eda-globetrotter.github.io)


#	Author Information


The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) <2016> Zhiyang Ong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Email address: echo "cukj -wb- 23wU4X5M589 TROJANS cqkH wiuz2y 0f Mw Stanford" | awk '{ sub("23wU4X5M589","F.d_c_b. ") sub("Stanford","d0mA1n"); print $5, $2, $8; for (i=1; i<=1; i++) print "6\b"; print $9, $7, $6 }' | sed y/kqcbuHwM62z/gnotrzadqmC/ | tr 'q' ' ' | tr -d [:cntrl:] | tr -d 'ir' | tr y "\n"		Don't compromise my computing accounts. You have been warned.

Commit message:

Modified notes about externalities concerning documentation about drawing graphics/figures via computer programming.

notes/externalities.md, after:

#	Repositories Affected By Changes in This Repository

When changes are made to the source code of this repository, these
	changes can affect the quality, performance, and functionalities
	of software and systems in the following repositories.

Likewise, when changes are made to the documentation of this
	repository, these changes can affect the quality and correctness
	of the documentation in the following repositories.

In addition, changes made to other types of components/entities in
	this repository can also affect components/entities (of the same
	types) in the following repositories.

##	Repositories That Would Be Affected

List of repositories that are affected by the *gulyas-scripts* repository,
	including its code base and notes:

+ [boilerplate-code](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code)
	- Notes
	- Scripts
	- **Successor of the deprecated *lamiera-per-caldaie* repository.**
+ [lamiera-per-caldaie](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/lamiera-per-caldaie)
	- Notes
	- Scripts
	- **Deprecated repository.**
+ [gulyas-scripts](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts)
	- Notes
	- Scripts






## Repositories Can Be Affected By Externalities

Repositories that can be affected are:
+ [sardegna-scala, Scala code base](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/sardegna-scala)
+ [scafati-presentazioni, Presentation Slides](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/scafati-presentazioni)
+ [Computer Architecture Notes](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/Treviso-Arch)
+ [SienaLaTeX, for *LaTeX*](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/SienaLaTeX)
	- *LaTeX* templates for:
		* Articles
		* Resume and curriculum vitae
		* Presentation slides
		* Report
+ [Software Analysis](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/caprese-sw-analy)
+ [BibTeX Analytics](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/bibtex-analytics)



##	Repositories That Can Be Affected In The Future

+ [ispd2013contest-benchmarks](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/ispd2013contest-benchmarks)
+ [ispd2013contest-benchmarks](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/ispd2013contest-benchmarks)





##	Benchmark Repositories

+ [ispd2013contest-benchmarks](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/ispd2013contest-benchmarks)
+ [ispd2013contest-benchmarks](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/ispd2013contest-benchmarks)






#	List of Notes

List of notes:
+ Guidelines for collaboration: [boilerplate-code](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code)
+ List of software dependencies:
	- [boilerplate-code](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code)
	- [gulyas-scripts](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts)
+ List of dependencies between repositories:
	- [boilerplate-code](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code)
	- [gulyas-scripts](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts)
	- All respositories that are affected by changes in these
		repositories are listed in this document. 
+ *BibTeX* file, database of *BibTeX* references/entries.
	- Placed in repository, as needed.
+ Report (of implemented data structures and algorithms).
	- [boilerplate-code](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code)
+ Programming/Computer languages:
	- *Scala*: [sardegna-scala](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/sardegna-scala)
	- *R*: [gulyas-scripts](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts)
	- *Python*: [gulyas-scripts](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts) 
	- *GNU Octave*: [gulyas-scripts](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts)
	- *LaTeX*: [SienaLaTeX, for *LaTeX*](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/SienaLaTeX)
	- [Computer languages for drawing graphics, such as *Asymptote*, *MetaPost*, *PGF/Tikz*, & *Graphviz*](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/blob/master/notes/drawing-graphics.md)
+ Libraries, API, ... that support interoperability between programming/computer languages: [gulyas-scripts](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts)
+ Coding style, and guidelines for commenting:
	- *Texinfo*: [gulyas-scripts](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts)
+ *UNIX*-like Operating Systems:
	- [boilerplate-code](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/boilerplate-code)
	- Generic information for using *UNIX*-like operating systems.
	- Information for SSH connections, via the aforementioned OSes.






#	Benchmarks in the Open Data repository.




#	Repositories That Will Not Be Affected In The Future

The following repositories are dead.
+ [NetSim, for Network Optimization](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/NetSim)
+ [Bioinformatics Projects](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/Calabria-Digital-Bio)
+ [Synthesizable Verilog RTL Design of 4-stage Pipelined Processor, with 128-bit Datapath](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/MarcheProcessor)
+ [Synthesizable Verilog RTL Design of Encoders/Decoders](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/PicenoDecoders)
+ [*C++* -based STIL Parser](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/Lombardia-STIL)
+ [*C++* Programs](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/Campania-Cpp)
+ [SRAM Design](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/Modica-SRAM)







#	Repositories: Revision Material

Repositories that contain material to help me revise for the
	Ph.D. qualifying examination, job/internship interviews, ...:
+ [Analog Circuits](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/genova-circuiti-analogici)
+ [Electrical Circuit Analysis](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/como-analisi-del-circuito)
+ [Digital VLSI design + Logic Design](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/puglia-circuiti-digitali)
+ [Computer Architecture](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/lucca-architettura-del-computer)
	- Include the material from: [Treviso-Arch, Report about computer architecture](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/Treviso-Arch) 
+ [Signals and Systems](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/bergamo-segnali-e-sistemi)
+ [Engineering Electromagnetics](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/bolzano-elettromagnetismo)
+ [Probability and Statistics](https://github.com/eda-globetrotter/bologna-probabilita-e-statistica)
+ *Scientific Computation*
+ *Decision Procedures*
+ *Formal Verification*
+ *Device Engineering*
+ *Material Science*

















##	Disclaimer

Externalities of changes made to the software are not necessarily
	restricted to the aforementioned repositories. 

Other repositories/projects that Zhiyang Ong is involved, currently
	or previously, can be affected by such changes, too.  





#	Zhiyang Ong's web page

[Zhiyang Ong's web page](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/eda-globetrotter.github.io)


#	Author Information


The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) <2016> Zhiyang Ong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Email address: echo "cukj -wb- 23wU4X5M589 TROJANS cqkH wiuz2y 0f Mw Stanford" | awk '{ sub("23wU4X5M589","F.d_c_b. ") sub("Stanford","d0mA1n"); print $5, $2, $8; for (i=1; i<=1; i++) print "6\b"; print $9, $7, $6 }' | sed y/kqcbuHwM62z/gnotrzadqmC/ | tr 'q' ' ' | tr -d [:cntrl:] | tr -d 'ir' | tr y "\n"		Don't compromise my computing accounts. You have been warned.
