notes/operazione-andare-a-iccad.md, before:

#	Operazione Andare a ICCAD

+ Object-oriented programming (OOP)
	- \S6.1 Structures
	- \S11.4 Variable-length argument lists
	- \S11.6-\S11.7 Variable-length return lists
	- \S11.9 Function files
	- \S11.10 Script files
	- \S11.11 Function handles, anonymous functions, and inline functions
	- \S34 Object-oriented programming
+ \S15 Plotting
+ \S14 Input/Output (I/O) operations
	(or I/O operazioni)
+ Texinfo
	- Learn how to write comments in the *Texinfo* typesetting syntax
		for documentation generation.
+ Miscellaneous
	- \S17.5 Utility function
	- \S17.6 Special function
+ Generate RTW signals, using PRNG
	- Demonstrate that these signals have zero cross-correlation,
		since there are statistically independent.
		Do this for each pair of signals, H(t) and L(t)
	- Show the time-correlation for time-shifted signals.
+ Always practise "Continuous Integration"
+ Get references on:
	- Semiconductor device physics
	- Solid-state device physics
	- device engineering
	- device modeling
	- compact modeling
	- Big Data
	- data analytics
	- statistical process control
	- process control
	- Response Surface Methodology
	- financial engineering
	- computational finance
	- financial mathematics
	- mathematical finance
	- portfolio optimization
	- algorithmic portfolio optimization
	- meta-algorithms
	- parallel programming
	- concurrent programming
	- distributed computing
	- numerical computation
	- numerical methods
	- computer networks
	- distributed  networks
	- functional programming
	- software architecture
	- design patterns
	- software testing
	- revision control, version control, software configuration management
	- build automation
	- symbolic computation
	- symbolic-numeric computation
	- constraint programming
	- probabilisitic programming/computing
	- stochastic computing
	- approximate computing
	- neuromorphic processors
	- neuromorphic computing
	- cognitive computing
	- noise-based logic
	- microelectromechanical systems + nanoelectromechanical systems
+ Avoid technical debt
	- Minimize routine maintenance.


#	Relevant *GNU Octave* Content

From the *GNU Octave* manual \cite{Eaton2016a}:
+ \S2.4 Command line editing
	- \S2.4.6 Customizing *readline()*
+ \S8.5 Boolean expressions
+ \S9.2 Evaluation in a different context
+ \S16 Matrix multiplication
+ \S17.7 Approximations: Rational approximations
+ \S17.8 Coordinate transformation
	- E.g., from polar coordinate system to cartesian coordinate system??? 
+ \S17.9 Mathematical constants
+ \S18 Linear algebra
+ \S27 Set operations
+ \S35 GUI development
+ \S36 System utilities
+ \S38 Package installation, removal, usage, and creation
+ *Appendix B* Test and Demo functions
+ *Appendices C and D* Software development guidelines





#	Scripts to Hack

+ Script to check if a list of names is unique
	- Flag similar names, and prompt use to verify their equivalence.
	- E.g., Ann Kripa George, Ann K. George, and Ann George are 
		equivalent.


#	References

Citations/References that use the *LaTeX/BibTeX* notation are taken
	from my *BibTeX* database (set of *BibTeX* entries).



#	Author Information

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) <2016> Zhiyang Ong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Email address: echo "cukj -wb- 23wU4X5M589 TROJANS cqkH wiuz2y 0f Mw Stanford" | awk '{ sub("23wU4X5M589","F.d_c_b. ") sub("Stanford","d0mA1n"); print $5, $2, $8; for (i=1; i<=1; i++) print "6\b"; print $9, $7, $6 }' | sed y/kqcbuHwM62z/gnotrzadqmC/ | tr 'q' ' ' | tr -d [:cntrl:] | tr -d 'ir' | tr y "\n"		Don't compromise my computing accounts. You have been warned.

Commit message:

Update plan to fix code base.

notes/operazione-andare-a-iccad.md, after:

#	Operazione Andare a ICCAD

+ Object-oriented programming (OOP)
	- \S6.1 Structures
	- \S11.4 Variable-length argument lists
	- \S11.6-\S11.7 Variable-length return lists
	- \S11.9 Function files
	- \S11.10 Script files
	- \S11.11 Function handles, anonymous functions, and inline functions
	- \S34 Object-oriented programming
+ \S15 Plotting
+ \S14 Input/Output (I/O) operations
	(or I/O operazioni)
+ Texinfo
	- Learn how to write comments in the *Texinfo* typesetting syntax
		for documentation generation.
+ Miscellaneous
	- \S17.5 Utility function
	- \S17.6 Special function
+ Generate RTW signals, using PRNG
	- Demonstrate that these signals have zero cross-correlation,
		since there are statistically independent.
		Do this for each pair of signals, H(t) and L(t)
	- Show the time-correlation for time-shifted signals.
+ Fix boilerplate code
	- Add utilities feature to convert real (or floating-point)
		numbers into strings.
		Test this feature.
+ Always practise "Continuous Integration"
+ Get references on:
	- Semiconductor device physics
	- Solid-state device physics
	- device engineering
	- device modeling
	- compact modeling
	- Big Data
	- data analytics
	- statistical process control
	- process control
	- Response Surface Methodology
	- financial engineering
	- computational finance
	- financial mathematics
	- mathematical finance
	- portfolio optimization
	- algorithmic portfolio optimization
	- meta-algorithms
	- parallel programming
	- concurrent programming
	- distributed computing
	- numerical computation
	- numerical methods
	- computer networks
	- distributed  networks
	- functional programming
	- software architecture
	- design patterns
	- software testing
	- revision control, version control, software configuration management
	- build automation
	- symbolic computation
	- symbolic-numeric computation
	- constraint programming
	- probabilisitic programming/computing
	- stochastic computing
	- approximate computing
	- neuromorphic processors
	- neuromorphic computing
	- cognitive computing
	- noise-based logic
	- microelectromechanical systems + nanoelectromechanical systems
+ Avoid technical debt
	- Minimize routine maintenance.
	- Refactor code and wetware.
	- Update programming skills to latest standards/versions.


#	Relevant *GNU Octave* Content

From the *GNU Octave* manual \cite{Eaton2016a}:
+ \S2.4 Command line editing
	- \S2.4.6 Customizing *readline()*
+ \S8.5 Boolean expressions
+ \S9.2 Evaluation in a different context
+ \S16 Matrix multiplication
+ \S17.7 Approximations: Rational approximations
+ \S17.8 Coordinate transformation
	- E.g., from polar coordinate system to cartesian coordinate system??? 
+ \S17.9 Mathematical constants
+ \S18 Linear algebra
+ \S27 Set operations
+ \S35 GUI development
+ \S36 System utilities
+ \S38 Package installation, removal, usage, and creation
+ *Appendix B* Test and Demo functions
+ *Appendices C and D* Software development guidelines





#	Scripts to Hack

+ Script to check if a list of names is unique
	- Flag similar names, and prompt use to verify their equivalence.
	- E.g., Ann Kripa George, Ann K. George, and Ann George are 
		equivalent.


#	References

Citations/References that use the *LaTeX/BibTeX* notation are taken
	from my *BibTeX* database (set of *BibTeX* entries).



#	Author Information

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) <2016> Zhiyang Ong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Email address: echo "cukj -wb- 23wU4X5M589 TROJANS cqkH wiuz2y 0f Mw Stanford" | awk '{ sub("23wU4X5M589","F.d_c_b. ") sub("Stanford","d0mA1n"); print $5, $2, $8; for (i=1; i<=1; i++) print "6\b"; print $9, $7, $6 }' | sed y/kqcbuHwM62z/gnotrzadqmC/ | tr 'q' ' ' | tr -d [:cntrl:] | tr -d 'ir' | tr y "\n"		Don't compromise my computing accounts. You have been warned.
