notes/python.md, before:

#	Notes About *Python*

##	Differences between *Python 3.x* and *Python 2.y*

The `print` statement in *Python 2.y* has been replaced by the
	`print()` function in *Python 3.x*.
	A pair of parentheses, or round brackets, are used in the `print()`
	function to print the string within the parentheses.
	The `print` statement needs to be appended by a string, and these
	tokens (the `print` statement and the string) are whitespace
	delimited \cite{vanRossum2017}.

Comparing Python 3.x to Python 2.y, the former has significant
		differences in printing information (to standard output)
		\cite{vanRossum2017}.
	This can cause compatibility problems between different versions
		of Python in a given Python software. 






##	Design Decisions

Use either keyword arguments or positional arguments in my
	implementation of *Python* methods to process input parameters.






##	Syntax Rules Regarding Identifiers

*Python* identifiers for variables, functions, classes, and modules
	have to be alphanumeric and can include underscores
	\cite[from \S Python Basic Syntax]{Mohtashim2017}
	\cite[\S2.3 Identifiers and keywords]{DrakeJr2016f}
	\cite[\S2.3 Identifiers and keywords]{DrakeJr2016a}.
	Otherwise, the *Python* interpreter would report a syntax error,
	since the syntax is invalid.
	These identifiers are case sensitive and cannot be *Python*
	keywords [ParewaLabsPvtLtdStaff20XY, \S "Python Keywords and Identifier"].

They should not include dashes. Else, an interpreting/compiling error
	would result.





##	Importing *Python* Classes, Modules, and Packages

Tasks that I can do:
+ Create and define a class, and use static methods in the class
	(within the same script). 
+ Use static methods of a class, from another *Python* script.
+ Create, define, and use my own *Python* modules, from any *Python*
	script.
+ Create, define, and use my own *Python* packages, from any *Python*
	script.
	Determine the importance and usefulness packages, with respect to
	modules.

See [example to import Python modules and classes](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/tree/master/sandbox/python/s-import).



Tasks that I want to do, but can't yet (or have yet to try):
+ BLAH






Note: "A module is a file containing *Python* definitions and statements."
	\cite[\S6 Modules]{Brandl2017a} \cite[\S6 Modules]{Brandl2017}
	\cite[Importing Modules: Module? What's a Module?]{Thurlow2012}.
	**This is different from how I define modules in *C++* and *Java*.**


Pages in \cite[Beginning Python]{Hetland2005} that deal with importing
	Python classes and modules:
+ Abstraction of classes and modules, pp. 109--158, 173--202
+ Modules and The Standard Library, pp. 203--254
+ Summaries: pp. 547--574




Pages in \cite[Expert Python Programming]{Ziade2008} that deal with
	importing Python classes and modules (Not helpful):
+ Naming, (pp. 91--116
	- Application of naming to (pp. 92): 
		* Variables: constants and public/private variables
		* Functions and methods
		* Properties
		* Classes
		* Modules
		* Packages
+ Packages, (pp. 117--165)
+ Documentation, (pp. 223--250)



With regards to importing *Python* modules, circular dependencies is
	forbidden/discouraged during interpretation of *Python* programs.
	That is, don't import a *Python* module *A*, which imports another
	*Python* module *B* that imports *Python* module *A*.

A *Python* package is a collection of *Python* modules, and is effectively a
	subdirectory of *Python* modules that includes a file named *\_\_init\_\_.py*;
	the file *\_\_init\_\_.py* can be an empty file.

To import a module *B* from a package *A*, try: *import A.B*.  

To import a class *C* from module *B* that belongs to package *A*, try:
	*from A.B import C*.




## *Python* Classes


Chapter 4,5-6,8.



\cite{Alchin2010}



+ \cite{Hall2009b}
	- Chapter 9,10
	- For *Python 3,* not *Python 2*.

+ \cite{Hetland2005}
	- Chapters 6-9???/10??
	- Chapters 17-19


### *Python* Functions

By default, *Python* functions return *None* \cite{Alchin2010}.




## *Python*-based Software Development

Try to use a *Python*ic approach to software development.
	This can facilitate the design and implementation of software (architectures)
		that can be refactored easily \cite[Chapter 1]{Alchin2010}.





+ \cite[Chapters 8-11]{Alchin2010}.
+ \cite[Appendices A and B]{Langtangen2006}.
+ \cite[Appendices A and B]{Langtangen2009}.
+ \cite[Chapter 21]{Lutz2011}.
	- No information on object-oriented programming.
+ \cite[Chapter 15]{Lutz2013}.
+ \cite{Younker2008}.
	- No information on object-oriented programming.


### *Python*ic Coding Style


\cite{vanRossum2013} describes *Python*ic software development, including
	how to program in a *Python*ic coding style.
	Note that the term "coding style" can be used interchangeably with "coding
		scheme", "coding standard", "coding style guide",
		and "programming style".

Note that \cite{Franca2014} mentions that modern *C++1X*, such as *C++11*,
	*C++14*, and *C++17*, is becoming more like *Python*;
	that is, modern *C++1X* has become *Python*ic.   


### Input/Output Operations

\cite[Chapter 2, pp. 23]{Alchin2010} shows how to log errors that have been
	raised during input/output operations.
	They can be recorded/stored by the *logging* module from *The Python
		Standard Library* \cite{DrakeJr2016e,DrakeJr2016b}



##	Exception Handling

\cite[Chapter 2, pp. 23-28,29-30]{Alchin2010} shows how to catch multiple errors that
	have been raised.









#	References

Citations/References that use the *LaTeX/BibTeX* notation are taken
	from my *BibTeX* database (set of *BibTeX* entries).

+ [ParewaLabsPvtLtdStaff20XY]

	Parewa Labs Pvt. Ltd. staff, "Learn Python Programming," Parewa Labs Pvt. Ltd., Kupondole, Lalitpur, Lalitpur District, Nepal.
	
	Available online from {\it Programming Tutorial, Articles and Examples -- Programiz} at: \url{https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/}; last accessed on April 1, 2017.



## Object-Oriented *Python* Programming

+ \cite{Alchin2010}
	- Chapter 4,5-6,8.
	- Software development/engineering \cite[Chapters 8-11]{Alchin2010}.
	- Marty Alchin, "Pro Python: Advanced Coding Techniques and Tools," in The Expert's Voice$^{\textregistered}$\ in Open Source series, Apress, Berkeley, CA, 2010. DOI: https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4302-2758-8.
+ \cite{Hall2009b}
	- Chapter 9,10,11, 8 (pp. 165).
	- Tim Hall and J.-P. Stacey, "Python 3 for Absolute Beginners: All you will ever need to start programming Python," in The Expert's Voice$^{\textregistered}$\ in Open Source series, Apress, Berkeley, CA, 2009. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4302-1633-9.
+ \cite{Hetland2005}
	- Chapters 6-8,9,11,13,16,17,18,19.
	- Magnus Lie Hetland, "Beginning Python: From Novice to Professional," in The Expert's Voice$^{\textregistered}$\ in Open Source series, Apress, New York, NY, 2005. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4302-0072-7.
+ \cite{Langtangen2006}
	- Chapter 8.6,8.8,8.10.
	- Software development/engineering \cite[Appendices A and B]{Langtangen2006}.
	- Hans Petter Langtangen, "Python Scripting for Computational Science," Second edition, Texts in Computational Science and Engineering, Volume 3, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany, 2006. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/3-540-31269-2.
+ \cite{Langtangen2009}
	- Chapter 3, 7, 9.
	- Software development/engineering \cite[Appendices A and B]{Langtangen2009}.
	- Hans Petter Langtangen, "Python Scripting for Computational Science," Third edition, in the Texts in Computational Science and Engineering series, Volume 3, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany, 2009. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-540-73916-6.
+ \cite{Langtangen2009a}
	- Chapter 8.3,8.6,8.8,8.10, Appendix B.
	- Hans Petter Langtangen, "A Primer on Scientific Programming with Python," Texts in Computational Science and Engineering, Volume 6, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany, 2009. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-02475-7. 
+ \cite{Langtangen2011}
	- Chapter 4, 6, 7, 9.
	- Hans Petter Langtangen, "A Primer on Scientific Programming with Python," Second edition, in Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg series, Texts in Computational Science and Engineering, Volume 6, Heidelberg, Germany, 2011. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-18366-9.
+ \cite{Langtangen2012}
	- Chapter 4, 6, 7, 9.
	- Hans Petter Langtangen, "A Primer on Scientific Programming with Python," Third edition, in Texts in Computational Science and Engineering, Volume 6, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany, 2012. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-30293-0.
+ \cite{Lee2011b}
	- Chapter 4, 7.
	- Kent D. Lee, "Python Programming Fundamentals," in Undergraduate Topics in Computer Science, Springer-Verlag London, London, U.K., 2011. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-1-84996-537-8.
+ \cite{Lutz2009}
	- Chapter 4,15,16-20,21-24,25-28,30-31,32-35,37,38,39.
	- Mark Lutz, "Learning Python: Powerful Object-Oriented Programming," Fourth edition, O'Reilly Media, Sebastopol, CA, 2009.
+ \cite{Lutz2010}
	- pp. 60-61, 85-88, 183-187.
	- Mark Lutz, "Python Pocket Reference: Python in your pocket," Fourth edition, O'Reilly Media, Sebastopol, CA, 2010.
+ \cite{Lutz2013}
	- Chapter 4,16-21, 22-25, 26-29, 31-32, 33-36, 39-41.
	- Software development/engineering \cite[Chapter 15]{Lutz2013}.
	- Mark Lutz, "Learning Python: Powerful Object-Oriented Programming," Fifth edition, O'Reilly Media, Sebastopol, CA, 2013.
+ \cite{Pilgrim2009}
	- Chapter 6-7, 8, 9, 10.
	- Mark Pilgrim, "Dive Into Python 3," Apress, Berkeley, CA, 2009. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4302-2416-7.
+ \cite{Ucoluk2012}
	- Chapter 7.
	- Gokturk Ucoluk and Sinan Kalkan, "Introduction to Programming Concepts with Case Studies in Python," Springer-Verlag Wien, Vienna, Austria, 2012. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-7091-1343-1.






























## Domain Applications of *Python* Programming

+ Algorithm analysis.
	- \cite{Hetland2010}.
+ Data structures.
	- \cite{Lutz2011,Lutz2013,Sweigart2015,Ucoluk2012}.
	- **Read this!!!**
+ **Database management**.
	- \cite{Hetland2005,Lutz2010,Lutz2011,Sileika2010,Younker2008}.
+ Functional programming.
	- \cite{Lutz2009,Lutz2013}.
	- **Read this!!!**
+ GUI development.
	- \cite{Gift2008,Hall2009b,Hetland2005,Langtangen2009,Lee2011b,Lutz2010,Lutz2011,Vaingast2009}.
+ **Machine learning**.
	- \cite{Unpingco2016}.
+ Network programming.
	- \cite{Goerzen2004,Hetland2005,Lutz2011,Rhodes2010,Sileika2010}.
+ **Numerical methods, or numerical computing**.
	- \cite{Langtangen2006,Langtangen2009,Langtangen2009a,Langtangen2011,Langtangen2012,Linge2016}. 
+ **Parallel programming**.
	- \cite{Gift2008,Lutz2011}.
+ **Scientific computing, computational science, and computational engineering**.
	- \cite{Langtangen2006,Langtangen2009}.
	- \cite{Langtangen2009a,Langtangen2011,Langtangen2012}
	- \cite{Vaingast2009}
+ **Software development** and **software engineering**.
	- \cite[Chapters 8-11]{Alchin2010}.
	- \cite[Appendices A and B]{Langtangen2006}.
	- \cite[Appendices A and B]{Langtangen2009}.
	- \cite[Chapter 21]{Lutz2011}.
	- \cite[Chapter 15]{Lutz2013}.
	- \cite{Younker2008}.
+ **Statistical analysis**.
	- \cite{Saha2015,Sileika2010,Unpingco2016}.
+ Task automation.
	- \cite{Sweigart2015}
+ UNIX/Linux system administration.
	- \cite{Gift2008,Sileika2010,Sweigart2015}.
+ Web development.
	- \cite{Hetland2005,Langtangen2006,Langtangen2009,Pilgrim2009,Rhodes2010,Sileika2010,Younker2008}.
















## Mixed-Language Software Development

+ \cite{Langtangen2006}
	- Chapter 5,10, Appendix B.
	- Hans Petter Langtangen, "Python Scripting for Computational Science," Second edition, Texts in Computational Science and Engineering, Volume 3, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany, 2006. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/3-540-31269-2.
+ \cite{Langtangen2009}
	- Chapter 5,10, Appendix B.
	- Hans Petter Langtangen, "A Primer on Scientific Programming with Python," Texts in Computational Science and Engineering, Volume 6, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany, 2009. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-02475-7.
+ \cite{Lutz2011}
	- Chapter 20.
	- Mark Lutz, "Programming Python: Powerful Object-Oriented Programming," Fourth edition, O'Reilly Media, Sebastopol, CA, 2011.








#	Author Information

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) <2017> Zhiyang Ong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Email address: echo "cukj -wb- 23wU4X5M589 TROJANS cqkH wiuz2y 0f Mw Stanford" | awk '{ sub("23wU4X5M589","F.d_c_b. ") sub("Stanford","d0mA1n"); print $5, $2, $8; for (i=1; i<=1; i++) print "6\b"; print $9, $7, $6 }' | sed y/kqcbuHwM62z/gnotrzadqmC/ | tr 'q' ' ' | tr -d [:cntrl:] | tr -d 'ir' | tr y "\n"		Don't compromise my computing accounts. You have been warned.

Commit message:

Update Python notes on performing operations iteratively on elements of a collection.

notes/python.md, after:

#	Notes About *Python*

##	Differences between *Python 3.x* and *Python 2.y*

The `print` statement in *Python 2.y* has been replaced by the
	`print()` function in *Python 3.x*.
	A pair of parentheses, or round brackets, are used in the `print()`
	function to print the string within the parentheses.
	The `print` statement needs to be appended by a string, and these
	tokens (the `print` statement and the string) are whitespace
	delimited \cite{vanRossum2017}.

Comparing Python 3.x to Python 2.y, the former has significant
		differences in printing information (to standard output)
		\cite{vanRossum2017}.
	This can cause compatibility problems between different versions
		of Python in a given Python software. 






##	Design Decisions

Use either keyword arguments or positional arguments in my
	implementation of *Python* methods to process input parameters.






##	Syntax Rules Regarding Identifiers

*Python* identifiers for variables, functions, classes, and modules
	have to be alphanumeric and can include underscores
	\cite[from \S Python Basic Syntax]{Mohtashim2017}
	\cite[\S2.3 Identifiers and keywords]{DrakeJr2016f}
	\cite[\S2.3 Identifiers and keywords]{DrakeJr2016a}.
	Otherwise, the *Python* interpreter would report a syntax error,
	since the syntax is invalid.
	These identifiers are case sensitive and cannot be *Python*
	keywords [ParewaLabsPvtLtdStaff20XY, \S "Python Keywords and Identifier"].

They should not include dashes. Else, an interpreting/compiling error
	would result.





##	Importing *Python* Classes, Modules, and Packages

Tasks that I can do:
+ Create and define a class, and use static methods in the class
	(within the same script). 
+ Use static methods of a class, from another *Python* script.
+ Create, define, and use my own *Python* modules, from any *Python*
	script.
+ Create, define, and use my own *Python* packages, from any *Python*
	script.
	Determine the importance and usefulness packages, with respect to
	modules.

See [example to import Python modules and classes](https://github.com/eda-ricercatore/gulyas-scripts/tree/master/sandbox/python/s-import).



Tasks that I want to do, but can't yet (or have yet to try):
+ BLAH






Note: "A module is a file containing *Python* definitions and statements."
	\cite[\S6 Modules]{Brandl2017a} \cite[\S6 Modules]{Brandl2017}
	\cite[Importing Modules: Module? What's a Module?]{Thurlow2012}.
	**This is different from how I define modules in *C++* and *Java*.**


Pages in \cite[Beginning Python]{Hetland2005} that deal with importing
	Python classes and modules:
+ Abstraction of classes and modules, pp. 109--158, 173--202
+ Modules and The Standard Library, pp. 203--254
+ Summaries: pp. 547--574




Pages in \cite[Expert Python Programming]{Ziade2008} that deal with
	importing Python classes and modules (Not helpful):
+ Naming, (pp. 91--116
	- Application of naming to (pp. 92): 
		* Variables: constants and public/private variables
		* Functions and methods
		* Properties
		* Classes
		* Modules
		* Packages
+ Packages, (pp. 117--165)
+ Documentation, (pp. 223--250)



With regards to importing *Python* modules, circular dependencies is
	forbidden/discouraged during interpretation of *Python* programs.
	That is, don't import a *Python* module *A*, which imports another
	*Python* module *B* that imports *Python* module *A*.

A *Python* package is a collection of *Python* modules, and is effectively a
	subdirectory of *Python* modules that includes a file named *\_\_init\_\_.py*;
	the file *\_\_init\_\_.py* can be an empty file.

To import a module *B* from a package *A*, try: *import A.B*.  

To import a class *C* from module *B* that belongs to package *A*, try:
	*from A.B import C*.




## *Python* Classes


Chapter 4,5-6,8.



\cite{Alchin2010}



+ \cite{Hall2009b}
	- Chapter 9,10
	- For *Python 3,* not *Python 2*.

+ \cite{Hetland2005}
	- Chapters 6-9???/10??
	- Chapters 17-19


### *Python* Functions

By default, *Python* functions return *None* \cite{Alchin2010}.




## *Python*-based Software Development

Try to use a *Python*ic approach to software development.
	This can facilitate the design and implementation of software (architectures)
		that can be refactored easily \cite[Chapter 1]{Alchin2010}.

Use a **list comprehension** to perform a conditional operation iteratively on
	a collection of elements \cite[Chapter 2, pp. 35]{Alchin2010}.
	Similarly, a **generator expression** implicitly creates an iterable object to
		iterate over a list/collection of elements and perform an operation on
		each enumerated item/element;
		a generator expression needs to be surrounded by parentheses,
			which can belong to a function (or an operation) performed on the
			collection of objects \cite[Chapter 2, pp. 35-37]{Alchin2010}.
	Likewise, a **set comprehension** performs the built-in set() function on a
		a collection of unsorted elements \cite[Chapter 2, pp. 37]{Alchin2010}.
	








+ \cite[Chapters 8-11]{Alchin2010}.
+ \cite[Appendices A and B]{Langtangen2006}.
+ \cite[Appendices A and B]{Langtangen2009}.
+ \cite[Chapter 21]{Lutz2011}.
	- No information on object-oriented programming.
+ \cite[Chapter 15]{Lutz2013}.
+ \cite{Younker2008}.
	- No information on object-oriented programming.


### *Python*ic Coding Style


\cite{vanRossum2013} describes *Python*ic software development, including
	how to program in a *Python*ic coding style.
	Note that the term "coding style" can be used interchangeably with "coding
		scheme", "coding standard", "coding style guide",
		and "programming style".

Note that \cite{Franca2014} mentions that modern *C++1X*, such as *C++11*,
	*C++14*, and *C++17*, is becoming more like *Python*;
	that is, modern *C++1X* has become *Python*ic.   


### Input/Output Operations

\cite[Chapter 2, pp. 23]{Alchin2010} shows how to log errors that have been
	raised during input/output operations.
	They can be recorded/stored by the *logging* module from *The Python
		Standard Library* \cite{DrakeJr2016e,DrakeJr2016b}



##	Exception Handling

\cite[Chapter 2, pp. 23-28,29-30]{Alchin2010} shows how to catch multiple
	errors that have been raised.









#	References

Citations/References that use the *LaTeX/BibTeX* notation are taken
	from my *BibTeX* database (set of *BibTeX* entries).

+ [ParewaLabsPvtLtdStaff20XY]

	Parewa Labs Pvt. Ltd. staff, "Learn Python Programming," Parewa Labs Pvt. Ltd., Kupondole, Lalitpur, Lalitpur District, Nepal.
	
	Available online from {\it Programming Tutorial, Articles and Examples -- Programiz} at: \url{https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/}; last accessed on April 1, 2017.



## Object-Oriented *Python* Programming

+ \cite{Alchin2010}
	- Chapter 4,5-6,8.
	- Software development/engineering \cite[Chapters 8-11]{Alchin2010}.
	- Marty Alchin, "Pro Python: Advanced Coding Techniques and Tools," in The Expert's Voice$^{\textregistered}$\ in Open Source series, Apress, Berkeley, CA, 2010. DOI: https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4302-2758-8.
+ \cite{Hall2009b}
	- Chapter 9,10,11, 8 (pp. 165).
	- Tim Hall and J.-P. Stacey, "Python 3 for Absolute Beginners: All you will ever need to start programming Python," in The Expert's Voice$^{\textregistered}$\ in Open Source series, Apress, Berkeley, CA, 2009. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4302-1633-9.
+ \cite{Hetland2005}
	- Chapters 6-8,9,11,13,16,17,18,19.
	- Magnus Lie Hetland, "Beginning Python: From Novice to Professional," in The Expert's Voice$^{\textregistered}$\ in Open Source series, Apress, New York, NY, 2005. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4302-0072-7.
+ \cite{Langtangen2006}
	- Chapter 8.6,8.8,8.10.
	- Software development/engineering \cite[Appendices A and B]{Langtangen2006}.
	- Hans Petter Langtangen, "Python Scripting for Computational Science," Second edition, Texts in Computational Science and Engineering, Volume 3, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany, 2006. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/3-540-31269-2.
+ \cite{Langtangen2009}
	- Chapter 3, 7, 9.
	- Software development/engineering \cite[Appendices A and B]{Langtangen2009}.
	- Hans Petter Langtangen, "Python Scripting for Computational Science," Third edition, in the Texts in Computational Science and Engineering series, Volume 3, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany, 2009. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-540-73916-6.
+ \cite{Langtangen2009a}
	- Chapter 8.3,8.6,8.8,8.10, Appendix B.
	- Hans Petter Langtangen, "A Primer on Scientific Programming with Python," Texts in Computational Science and Engineering, Volume 6, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany, 2009. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-02475-7. 
+ \cite{Langtangen2011}
	- Chapter 4, 6, 7, 9.
	- Hans Petter Langtangen, "A Primer on Scientific Programming with Python," Second edition, in Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg series, Texts in Computational Science and Engineering, Volume 6, Heidelberg, Germany, 2011. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-18366-9.
+ \cite{Langtangen2012}
	- Chapter 4, 6, 7, 9.
	- Hans Petter Langtangen, "A Primer on Scientific Programming with Python," Third edition, in Texts in Computational Science and Engineering, Volume 6, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany, 2012. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-30293-0.
+ \cite{Lee2011b}
	- Chapter 4, 7.
	- Kent D. Lee, "Python Programming Fundamentals," in Undergraduate Topics in Computer Science, Springer-Verlag London, London, U.K., 2011. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-1-84996-537-8.
+ \cite{Lutz2009}
	- Chapter 4,15,16-20,21-24,25-28,30-31,32-35,37,38,39.
	- Mark Lutz, "Learning Python: Powerful Object-Oriented Programming," Fourth edition, O'Reilly Media, Sebastopol, CA, 2009.
+ \cite{Lutz2010}
	- pp. 60-61, 85-88, 183-187.
	- Mark Lutz, "Python Pocket Reference: Python in your pocket," Fourth edition, O'Reilly Media, Sebastopol, CA, 2010.
+ \cite{Lutz2013}
	- Chapter 4,16-21, 22-25, 26-29, 31-32, 33-36, 39-41.
	- Software development/engineering \cite[Chapter 15]{Lutz2013}.
	- Mark Lutz, "Learning Python: Powerful Object-Oriented Programming," Fifth edition, O'Reilly Media, Sebastopol, CA, 2013.
+ \cite{Pilgrim2009}
	- Chapter 6-7, 8, 9, 10.
	- Mark Pilgrim, "Dive Into Python 3," Apress, Berkeley, CA, 2009. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4302-2416-7.
+ \cite{Ucoluk2012}
	- Chapter 7.
	- Gokturk Ucoluk and Sinan Kalkan, "Introduction to Programming Concepts with Case Studies in Python," Springer-Verlag Wien, Vienna, Austria, 2012. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-7091-1343-1.






























## Domain Applications of *Python* Programming

+ Algorithm analysis.
	- \cite{Hetland2010}.
+ Data structures.
	- \cite{Lutz2011,Lutz2013,Sweigart2015,Ucoluk2012}.
	- **Read this!!!**
+ **Database management**.
	- \cite{Hetland2005,Lutz2010,Lutz2011,Sileika2010,Younker2008}.
+ Functional programming.
	- \cite{Lutz2009,Lutz2013}.
	- **Read this!!!**
+ GUI development.
	- \cite{Gift2008,Hall2009b,Hetland2005,Langtangen2009,Lee2011b,Lutz2010,Lutz2011,Vaingast2009}.
+ **Machine learning**.
	- \cite{Unpingco2016}.
+ Network programming.
	- \cite{Goerzen2004,Hetland2005,Lutz2011,Rhodes2010,Sileika2010}.
+ **Numerical methods, or numerical computing**.
	- \cite{Langtangen2006,Langtangen2009,Langtangen2009a,Langtangen2011,Langtangen2012,Linge2016}. 
+ **Parallel programming**.
	- \cite{Gift2008,Lutz2011}.
+ **Scientific computing, computational science, and computational engineering**.
	- \cite{Langtangen2006,Langtangen2009}.
	- \cite{Langtangen2009a,Langtangen2011,Langtangen2012}
	- \cite{Vaingast2009}
+ **Software development** and **software engineering**.
	- \cite[Chapters 8-11]{Alchin2010}.
	- \cite[Appendices A and B]{Langtangen2006}.
	- \cite[Appendices A and B]{Langtangen2009}.
	- \cite[Chapter 21]{Lutz2011}.
	- \cite[Chapter 15]{Lutz2013}.
	- \cite{Younker2008}.
+ **Statistical analysis**.
	- \cite{Saha2015,Sileika2010,Unpingco2016}.
+ Task automation.
	- \cite{Sweigart2015}
+ UNIX/Linux system administration.
	- \cite{Gift2008,Sileika2010,Sweigart2015}.
+ Web development.
	- \cite{Hetland2005,Langtangen2006,Langtangen2009,Pilgrim2009,Rhodes2010,Sileika2010,Younker2008}.
















## Mixed-Language Software Development

+ \cite{Langtangen2006}
	- Chapter 5,10, Appendix B.
	- Hans Petter Langtangen, "Python Scripting for Computational Science," Second edition, Texts in Computational Science and Engineering, Volume 3, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany, 2006. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/3-540-31269-2.
+ \cite{Langtangen2009}
	- Chapter 5,10, Appendix B.
	- Hans Petter Langtangen, "A Primer on Scientific Programming with Python," Texts in Computational Science and Engineering, Volume 6, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany, 2009. DOI:https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-02475-7.
+ \cite{Lutz2011}
	- Chapter 20.
	- Mark Lutz, "Programming Python: Powerful Object-Oriented Programming," Fourth edition, O'Reilly Media, Sebastopol, CA, 2011.








#	Author Information

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) <2017> Zhiyang Ong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Email address: echo "cukj -wb- 23wU4X5M589 TROJANS cqkH wiuz2y 0f Mw Stanford" | awk '{ sub("23wU4X5M589","F.d_c_b. ") sub("Stanford","d0mA1n"); print $5, $2, $8; for (i=1; i<=1; i++) print "6\b"; print $9, $7, $6 }' | sed y/kqcbuHwM62z/gnotrzadqmC/ | tr 'q' ' ' | tr -d [:cntrl:] | tr -d 'ir' | tr y "\n"		Don't compromise my computing accounts. You have been warned.
