notes/uml.md, before:

#	Notes About *Unified Modeling Language*

Unified Modeling Language (UML)

##	Class Diagrams

###	Visibility and Scope of Class members


###	Types of instance-level relationships

+ dependency
+ association
+ aggregation
+ composition

Difference between compoition and aggregation:
+ 
+ 







###	Class-level relationships

+ generalization/inheritance
+ realization/implementation
+ general relationship
	- general relationship
		* dependency
		+ multiplicity






###	Analysis of stereotypes



#	References

Citations/References that use the *LaTeX/BibTeX* notation are taken from my
	*BibTeX* database (set of *BibTeX* entries).




#	Author Information

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) <2017> Zhiyang Ong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Email address: echo "cukj -wb- 23wU4X5M589 TROJANS cqkH wiuz2y 0f Mw Stanford" | awk '{ sub("23wU4X5M589","F.d_c_b. ") sub("Stanford","d0mA1n"); print $5, $2, $8; for (i=1; i<=1; i++) print "6\b"; print $9, $7, $6 }' | sed y/kqcbuHwM62z/gnotrzadqmC/ | tr 'q' ' ' | tr -d [:cntrl:] | tr -d 'ir' | tr y "\n"		Don't compromise my computing accounts. You have been warned.

Commit message:

Update notes: update UML notes on class diagrams.

notes/uml.md, after:

#	Notes About *Unified Modeling Language*

This document is my summary, or cheat sheet, about the Unified Modeling
	Language (UML).


##	Class Diagrams

In UML, the class diagram statically represents the software architecture of a
	software.

The class diagram depicts the elements, such as classes and packages, and the
	interactions between them \cite{WikipediaContributors2018d}

For each class in the class diagram, it has three compartments that are described
	as follows \cite{WikipediaContributors2018d}: 
+ top compartment
	- Name of the class
	- Center aligned
	- In bold font
	- Captialize the first letter of each word
		* If the class name is a concatenation of words, the first letter of each
			word in this concatenation shal be capitalized.
+ 


###	Visibility and Scope of Class members



###	Types of instance-level relationships

+ dependency
+ association
+ aggregation
+ composition

Difference between compoition and aggregation:
+ 
+ 







###	Class-level relationships

+ generalization/inheritance
+ realization/implementation
+ general relationship
	- dependency
	- multiplicity






###	Analysis of stereotypes



#	References

Citations/References that use the *LaTeX/BibTeX* notation are taken from my
	*BibTeX* database (set of *BibTeX* entries).




#	Author Information

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) <2017> Zhiyang Ong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Email address: echo "cukj -wb- 23wU4X5M589 TROJANS cqkH wiuz2y 0f Mw Stanford" | awk '{ sub("23wU4X5M589","F.d_c_b. ") sub("Stanford","d0mA1n"); print $5, $2, $8; for (i=1; i<=1; i++) print "6\b"; print $9, $7, $6 }' | sed y/kqcbuHwM62z/gnotrzadqmC/ | tr 'q' ' ' | tr -d [:cntrl:] | tr -d 'ir' | tr y "\n"		Don't compromise my computing accounts. You have been warned.
