qubo-nbl/quantum-qubo/write-up-quantum-qubo.md, before:

#	Solving QUBO via Quantum Computing

##	Quantum QUBO Solver

\cite{mwbooth2017}

###	Demonstration

\cite{jdklassen2017}



#	Related Problems for Quantum Computing

+ Map coloring, vertex coloring
	- \cite{Dahl2013}



#	References

Citations/References that use the *LaTeX/BibTeX* notation are taken
	from my *BibTeX* database (set of *BibTeX* entries).

##	Quantum Computing

+ \cite{DWaveSystemsStaff20XYa}


##	Quantum Computers: Hardware Implementations for Quantum Computing

+ \cite{DWaveSystemsStaff20XY}
+ \cite{DWaveSystemsStaff20XYb}
	- Advantages:
		* Low-power and cool computation, at room/reasonable
			temperature

##	Call for Research Proposals

+ \cite{UniversitiesSpaceResearchAssociationStaff2015a}




#	Author Information

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) <2016> Zhiyang Ong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Email address: echo "cukj -wb- 23wU4X5M589 TROJANS cqkH wiuz2y 0f Mw Stanford" | awk '{ sub("23wU4X5M589","F.d_c_b. ") sub("Stanford","d0mA1n"); print $5, $2, $8; for (i=1; i<=1; i++) print "6\b"; print $9, $7, $6 }' | sed y/kqcbuHwM62z/gnotrzadqmC/ | tr 'q' ' ' | tr -d [:cntrl:] | tr -d 'ir' | tr y "\n"		Don't compromise my computing accounts. You have been warned.

Commit message:

Get quantum QUBO solver and demo.

qubo-nbl/quantum-qubo/write-up-quantum-qubo.md, after:

#	Solving QUBO via Quantum Computing


##	Steps taken to Demonstrate Quantum QUBO Solving

1) Clone the "Qbsolv" repository \cite{mwbooth2017}.

2) Clone the "Beartooth demo" repository \cite{jdklassen2017}. 






##	Quantum QUBO Solver

\cite{mwbooth2017}

###	Demonstration

\cite{jdklassen2017}












#	Related Problems for Quantum Computing

+ Map coloring, vertex coloring
	- \cite{Dahl2013}









#	References

Citations/References that use the *LaTeX/BibTeX* notation are taken
	from my *BibTeX* database (set of *BibTeX* entries).

##	Quantum Computing

+ \cite{DWaveSystemsStaff20XYa}


##	Quantum Computers: Hardware Implementations for Quantum Computing

+ \cite{DWaveSystemsStaff20XY}
+ \cite{DWaveSystemsStaff20XYb}
	- Advantages:
		* Low-power and cool computation, at room/reasonable
			temperature

##	Call for Research Proposals

+ \cite{UniversitiesSpaceResearchAssociationStaff2015a}




#	Author Information

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) <2016> Zhiyang Ong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Email address: echo "cukj -wb- 23wU4X5M589 TROJANS cqkH wiuz2y 0f Mw Stanford" | awk '{ sub("23wU4X5M589","F.d_c_b. ") sub("Stanford","d0mA1n"); print $5, $2, $8; for (i=1; i<=1; i++) print "6\b"; print $9, $7, $6 }' | sed y/kqcbuHwM62z/gnotrzadqmC/ | tr 'q' ' ' | tr -d [:cntrl:] | tr -d 'ir' | tr y "\n"		Don't compromise my computing accounts. You have been warned.
